chore: Update README.md with repo description and jargon definitions. (#40)
nodejs/bootstrap: README.md

# Foundation Bootstrap Team

This is the operating repository for the Foundation Bootstrap Team.

The Foundation Bootstrap Team is the temporary body tasked with managing community recommendations for the transition of the merged Node.js and JS Foundation to a permanent governance model.

The files in this repository are living documents and will never represent finished governance. Once we reach consensus on governance, this repository will be archived and the documents will be moved to their new home in a Foundation specific Github org.

> Until such a time that this group has consensus on a new governance model, and the Foundation has legal squared away, all projects, programs, and committees will continue to operate unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until such a time that this group has consensus on a new governance model, and the Foundation has any legal requirements satisfied, all projects, programs, and committees will continue to operate unchanged.
```
